v1.8.0 CHANGELOG (#4497)
spiffe/spire: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [1.8.0] - 2023-09-13

### Added

- `azure_key_vault` KeyManager plugin (#4458)
- Server configuration to set refresh hint of local bundle (#4400)
- Support for batch entry deletion in `spire-server` CLI (#4371)

> - `ca_journals` database table (#4371)

Reviewer: I'd leave this out. It won't have any user visible impact until we implement the rest of the journal migration.

Author: Hmm, I feel like we should call out any database changes since we allow users to disable automatic database migrations.

Author: Also just noticed, this should be #4465, not #4371.

Reviewer 2: We have included database schema changes in the CHANGELOG in the past, but I think that we don't usually do that, particularly when they are in preparation for a future feature (which are the most cases) and there is nothing exposed to the user yet.
It's common that we make a lot of changes that are not user-facing until the feature is complete and we turn it on (one example is the force rotation work, where we are introducing a lot of changes across different releases). Rather than including those changes in each release, we include the feature in the CHANGELOG when it's introduced and we point to all the PRs involved.

I would probably leave this out and include this PR in the PRs list when we mention the feature in the release. Having this in the CHANGELOG before may lead to confusions.

Author: That seems reasonable, I just want to make sure the requirement to perform a database migration gets captured appropriately. If it makes more sense to do that when we make the feature user-facing, I'm good with that.

Maybe in the future we should add a `Database Changes` section to our release notes to make this more apparent for users? I guess users would probably need to read the code to know when they need to perform a manual migration.

- `aws_iid` NodeAttestor can now be used in AWS Gov Cloud and China regions (#4427)
- `status_code` and `status_message` fields in SPIRE Agent logs on gRPC errors (#4262)

> - Experimental support for tracking entry events in the database (#4411)

Reviewer: I'd leave this out. There is no user-facing impact (yet :) )

### Changed

- Bundle server configuration is now organized by endpoint profiles (#4476)
- Release artifacts are now statically linked with musl rather than glibc (#4491)

> - Agent no longer serves identities for SPIFFE IDs of node alias entries (#4467)

Reviewer: This might be a bit misleading, how about:
```suggestion
- Agent no longer requests (unused) SVIDs for node aliases they belong to, reducing server signing load (#4467)
```

- Entry IDs can now be optionally set by the client for BatchCreateEntry requests (#4477)

### Fixed

- Concurrent workload attestation using `systemd` plugin (#4360)
- Bug in `k8s` WorkloadAttestor plugin that failed attestation in some scenarios (#4468)
- Server can now be run on Linux arm64 when using SQLite (#4491)

### Removed

> - Envoy SDS v2 API (#4444)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for Envoy SDS v2 API (#4444)
```

- Server no longer cleans up stale data in the database on startup (#4443)

> - Server no longer deletes entries with invalid SPIFFE IDs on startup (#4449)

Reviewer: I wonder if these need to be mentioned.... did we mention their addition in previous releases?

Author: I feel it's worth mentioning since there was an issue opened about this functionality causing problems for some users https://github.com/spiffe/spire/issues/4430
